##Correlation Analysis of Fatality Rate through COVID-19 Data Visualization

Team name: UHO (unist health organization)

Team members: 남대현 (ndh8392@unist.ac.kr), 정유호 (yuho8437@unist.ac.kr)



###Setup

We worked on React.js frontend framework.

- Type the command below in this directory. If the text *'Compiled successfully!'* is displayed, it means that the frontend server is running correctly. (Port 4000 should be open)

~~~
npm start
~~~

- When the frontend server is running, a web browser is automatically opened and our output will be displayed. If the web browser does not start automatically, open your web browser manually and type 'localhost:4000' in the url search bar.

- Also, you can see our project result through this url link: https://yuho8437.github.io/covid-correlation/



### Driectory

- ./build: directory generated by *npm run build* command
- ./node_modules: directory where modules used in this project are downloaded
- ./project: directory containing python code and ipynb files used for dataset processing
- ./public: directory for image files and favicon file
- ./src: directory containing  React component files



###Project goals
**"Finding factors that have a high impact on fatality rate"**

If you carefully see the fatality rate by COVID-19 in world, you can find that some countries have a low fatality rate of less than 3%, while some countries have a high fatality rate of 8% or more. We thought that COVID-19 might have had a factor that has major influence on fatality, and we are trying to guess this factor through data visualization.

First, the factors are divided into point data and time-series data according to the data type. Point data has elements that have little data change over time, such as the proportion of people who got BCG vaccination, and time-series data have factors that have changed over time, such as temperature.

Our point data visualization aims to enable users to visualize which factors directly affect fatality rate by selecting and to guess what the main factors are. We will show dots that represent each country in the 3D scatter plot with orange dots for countries with relatively high fatality rates from COVID-19 and blue with low rate countries. And when the user selects 3 factors, the correlation values of each factor with fatality rate are used as x, y, and z axes, so that each country's dot is plotted on the 3D scatter plot. Therefore, if the user chooses the three factors that affect the most to the fatality rate, we expect that the orange dots will cluster apart from the blue dots.

In time-series data visualization, we aim to show users the heat-map for each factor to make them realize which factor has the most influence on fatality rate. And in same time, we also aim to show users which factor affects the user's own country the most using this visualization. Users can click the factors in the factor list to see the effect of each factor on the fatality as a heat-map.